# Analysis ReadMe
main: original analyses from Khuyen's thesis. COCA and cosign provide comparable fits (no sig BIC diff)
direction: when answering the 2AFCs, people are presumably thinking in terms of the cue, so we might expect asymmetric similarities. I.e., p(match|cue) intuitively seems more sensible than p(cue|match). To capture this directionality, we take cue-match co-occ from COCA / cue frequency. Intuitively, this is something like association strength: across all the times you hear cow, how often do you hear grass with it? We wanted to know if the intuitive direction association strength (match|cue) fits responding better than the counterintuitive direction (cue|match). Both directional models outperform the basic COCA model but they perform comparably to each other. This seems interesting, but we're not sure what to make of it... (this is the case for both US and CN responding, still need to check VN)
semantic coding: cue genre (i.e., living things, artifacts, other) doesn't matter, but type of thematic relationship does! Relationship types: occupation (pilot-airplane), ecology (bee-garden), design (teacup-kettle), causal (bee-honey), association (cake-birthday). See plot of resps by thematic relationship genre
association: word association norms are comparable to co-occ frequency in predicting responding (for triads. also for fillers?). We got association norms from Small World of Words and don't know of large association studies in the other languages so we've only done this in English
fillers: COCA co-occ frequency is a good predictor for both test triad responding and fillers (in Eng and Vietnamese, despite VI sparsity)! So, it seems likely that we're tapping into general similarity with this experiment, not just tax-theme decision-making. In Eng, triads are better fit than fillers (Eng triad BIC 12036 < filler BIC 13388), but in VI it is the flip (VI triad BIC 4388 > filler BIC 2629 but fillers were quite sparse). If triad fit better than fillers when sparsity controlled for--perhaps because fillers are more ambiguous? (They're designed to be anyway; check entropy in 2AFC?)
demographics: exploratory analysis modeled on CCRR, testing age, gender, subjective / objective ses, China rice/wheat, US regions as factors in the main regression (in addition to COCA frequency). Only effect is objective SES (education, coded continuously) predicts US responding in the predicted direction, i.e., higher SES ppts respond more taxonomically (beta = -0.17, p = .038). Seems unlikely to survive correction for multiple comparisons

# High-Level Analysis
- is the predictive success of COCA just because we're measuring thinking-for-speaking or could it be something broader? association norms suggest it may be broader (though granted, word association may also be subject to thinking-for-speaking)
- is this just about structured decisions between tax/theme options? filler analysis suggests no, general similarity phenomenon. semantic analysis also suggests no, because there are semantic domains that function differently in this data
- cross-cultural lit on triads has been too reductionist in its thinking about tax-theme reasoning, and in the assumption that cultures differ in how they reason about similarity. language data provides a much more detailed and nuanced picture of how reasoning in this type of task proceeds, and suggests that people are relying on a more general process than tax vs theme decision-making (see filler and semantic analyses). FILL in x-cultural EngCOCA + country to see if there's hope for diff sim reasoning across cultures

#TODO: 
- decide: does it make sense to get data for VN direction analysis?
- in progress: get filler stats for Mandarin. add that analysis
- in progress: check associationNorm-filler fits
- does (resp ~ EngCOCA + country OR resp ~ EngCOCA * country) buy us anything beyond resp ~ EngCOCA? if not, then this suggests that similarity reasoning may not differ across cultures, only the input to it (which COCA captures)
